There's been a lot of hype
about neural networks.
And perhaps some of that hype is
justified, given how well they're working.
But it turns out that so
far, almost all the economic value created
by neural networks has been through
one type of machine learning,
called supervised learning.
Let's see what that means, and
let's go over some examples.
In supervised learning,
you have some input x, and
you want to learn a function
mapping to some output y.
So for example, just now we saw the
housing price prediction application where
you input some features of a home and
try to output or estimate the price y.
Here are some other examples that neural
networks have been applied to very
effectively.
Possibly the single most lucrative
application of deep learning today is
online advertising, maybe not the most
inspiring, but certainly very lucrative,
in which, by inputting information about
an ad to the website it's thinking
of showing you, and some information
about the user, neural networks have
gotten very good at predicting whether or
not you click on an ad.
And by showing you and
showing users the ads that you are most
likely to click on, this has been
an incredibly lucrative application of
neural networks at multiple companies.
Because the ability to show you
ads that you're more likely to
click on has a direct impact on the bottom
line of some of the very large
online advertising companies.
Computer vision has also made huge
strides in the last several years,
mostly due to deep learning.
So you might input an image and
want to output an index,
say from 1 to 1,000 trying
to tell you if this picture,
it might be any one of,
say a 1000 different images.
So, you might us that for photo tagging.
I think the recent progress in speech
recognition has also been very exciting,
where you can now input an audio
clip to a neural network, and
have it output a text transcript.
Machine translation has also made huge
strides thanks to deep learning where now
you can have a neural network input an
English sentence and directly output say,
a Chinese sentence.
And in autonomous driving, you might input
an image, say a picture of what's in
front of your car as well as some
information from a radar, and
based on that, maybe a neural network
can be trained to tell you the position
of the other cars on the road.
So this becomes a key component
in autonomous driving systems.
So a lot of the value creation through
neural networks has been through cleverly
selecting what should be x and
what should be y for
your particular problem, and then fitting
this supervised learning component into
often a bigger system such
as an autonomous vehicle.
It turns out that slightly different
types of neural networks are useful for
different applications.
For example, in the real estate
application that we saw in the previous
video, we use a universally standard
neural network architecture, right?
Maybe for real estate and
online advertising might be a relatively
standard neural network,
like the one that we saw.
For image applications we'll often
use convolution on neural networks,
often abbreviated CNN.
And for sequence data.
So for example,
audio has a temporal component, right?
Audio is played out over time, so
audio is most naturally represented
as a one-dimensional time series or
as a one-dimensional temporal sequence.
And so for sequence data,
you often use an RNN,
a recurrent neural network.
Language, English and Chinese, the
alphabets or the words come one at a time.
So language is also most naturally
represented as sequence data.
And so more complex versions of RNNs
are often used for these applications.
And then, for more complex applications,
like autonomous driving, where you have
an image, that might suggest more of a CNN
convolution neural network structure and
radar info which is
something quite different.
You might end up with a more custom, or
some more complex,
hybrid neural network architecture.
So, just to be a bit more concrete
about what are the standard CNN and
RNN architectures.
So in the literature you might
have seen pictures like this.
So that's a standard neural net.
You might have seen pictures like this.
Well this is an example of a Convolutional
Neural Network, and we'll see in
a later course exactly what this picture
means and how can you implement this.
But convolutional networks
are often use for image data.
And you might also have
seen pictures like this.
And you'll learn how to implement
this in a later course.
Recurrent neural networks
are very good for
this type of one-dimensional sequence
data that has maybe a temporal component.
You might also have heard about
applications of machine learning
to both Structured Data and
Unstructured Data.
Here's what the terms mean.
Structured Data means
basically databases of data.
So, for example, in housing price
prediction, you might have a database or
the column that tells you the size and
the number of bedrooms.
So, this is structured data, or
in predicting whether or not a user will
click on an ad, you might have information
about the user, such as the age,
some information about the ad, and then
labels why that you're trying to predict.
So that's structured data,
meaning that each of the features,
such as size of the house,
the number of bedrooms, or
the age of a user,
has a very well defined meaning.
In contrast, unstructured data refers
to things like audio, raw audio,
or images where you might want to
recognize what's in the image or text.
Here the features might be
the pixel values in an image or
the individual words in a piece of text.
Historically, it has been much harder for
computers to make sense of unstructured
data compared to structured data.
And the fact the human race has evolved
to be very good at understanding
audio cues as well as images.
And then text was a more recent invention,
but
people are just really good at
interpreting unstructured data.
And so one of the most exciting things
about the rise of neural networks is that,
thanks to deep learning, thanks to neural
networks, computers are now much better
at interpreting unstructured data as
well compared to just a few years ago.
And this creates opportunities for
many new exciting applications that use
speech recognition, image recognition,
natural language processing on text,
much more than was possible even
just two or three years ago.
I think because people have a natural
empathy to understanding unstructured
data, you might hear about neural
network successes on unstructured data
more in the media because it's just cool
when the neural network recognizes a cat.
We all like that, and
we all know what that means.
But it turns out that a lot of short
term economic value that neural
networks are creating has
also been on structured data,
such as much better advertising systems,
much better profit recommendations, and
just a much better ability to
process the giant databases that
many companies have to make
accurate predictions from them.
So in this course, a lot of
the techniques we'll go over will apply
to both structured data and
to unstructured data.
For the purposes of
explaining the algorithms,
we will draw a little bit more on
examples that use unstructured data.
But as you think through applications of
neural networks within your own team I
hope you find both uses for them in
both structured and unstructured data.
So neural networks have transformed
supervised learning and
are creating tremendous economic value.
It turns out though, that the basic
technical ideas behind neural networks
have mostly been around,
sometimes for many decades.
So why is it, then, that they're only
just now taking off and working so well?
In the next video, we'll talk
about why it's only quite recently
that neural networks have become this
incredibly powerful tool that you can use.